[OSDOCS-15258] Adds evpn-udn docs (#109142)
openshift/openshift-docs: networking/advanced_networking/bgp_evpn_udn/about-bgp-evpn-user-defined-networks.adoc

Author: @jcaamano is ". . .EVPN VPNs. . ." alright here? Could we say "as VXLAN-based EVPN services" or ". . . via EVPN over VXLAN encapsulation" ? 

if the original is OK, it's fine with me, though.

Reviewer: does this soudn better?
```
to expose primary cluster user-defined network (CUDN) externally as VPNs over VXLAN.
```

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="about-bgp-evpn-user-defined-networks"]
= About BGP EVPN for primary cluster user-defined networks
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: about-bgp-evpn-user-defined-networks

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]

> Ethernet Virtual Private Network (EVPN) extends OVN-Kubernetes Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) support to carry primary cluster user-defined network (CUDN) traffic as EVPN VPNs using VXLAN. 

Reviewer 2: You could also say "As EVPN-VLAN networks". 
EVPN VPNs seems weird. EVPNs might work.

Reviewer: ```
EVPN extends OVN-Kubernetes BGP support to transport primary CUDN traffic across VXLAN overlays, providing seamless, isolated Layer 2 and Layer 3 connectivity to the data center network.
```
?

Author: ```suggestion
Ethernet Virtual Private Network (EVPN) extends OVN-Kubernetes Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) support to transport primary cluster user-defined network (CUDN) traffic across VXLAN overlays, providing seamless, isolated layer 2 and layer 3 connectivity to the data center network.
```

:_mod-docs-content-type: ASSEMBLY
[id="about-bgp-evpn-user-defined-networks"]
= About BGP EVPN for primary cluster user-defined networks
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]
:context: about-bgp-evpn-user-defined-networks

toc::[]

[role="_abstract"]
Ethernet Virtual Private Network (EVPN) extends OVN-Kubernetes Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) support to carry primary cluster user-defined network (CUDN) traffic as EVPN VPNs using VXLAN. 

include::modules/nw-bgp-evpn-about.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

include::modules/procedure-enabling-bgp-evpn-primary-cudn.adoc[leveloffset=+1]

[role="_additional-resources"]
[id="additional-resources_about-bgp-evpn-user-defined-networks"]
== Additional resources

* xref:../../../networking/advanced_networking/bgp_routing/about-bgp-routing.adoc#about-bgp-routing[About BGP routing]

> * xref:../../../networking/advanced_networking/bgp_routing/migrating-frr-k8s-resources.adoc#migrating-frr-k8s-resources[Migrating FRR-K8s resources]

Reviewer: Remove `Migrating FRR-K8s resources` cross reference?
